Retrospective
=============

Retrospectives are a common part of our practices, usually occurring every one- to two-weeks depending on the project and needs of the team. When we learned about the extended timeframe for the project, we decided it would be appropriate to take a little time and see what was going well, what wasn't going as well, and what we could change to improve our work on the project: in short, a (mini) retrospective. Given the unique timeframe and constraints of the project, we decided to split our time between doing "normal" retrospective activities and a discussion about new capabilities/features we could add to the backlog and hopefully get to given the extended time. 

During the retrospective, we discussed topics related to the technical stack, project constraints, DevOps, and project scope. We grouped our ideas/notes using Post-Its into an "It Hurts" or "It Feels Good" column. From there, we re-grouped the cards into further categories: "Cannot Control," "FYI," and "Do Something About It." The items from the "Do Something About It" category were taken as action-items from the retrospective and were implemented/explored through the remaining duration of the project.

Next we did another ideation session, using white-board wire-framing and user-task flow diagrams to organize our thinking. We came up with two new features, one that we were sure we could do in the allotted time, and another we would keep in the backlog and pull if we got there. Stories for these features were written immediately after the retrospective session and added to both the Trello and physical Kanban boards.